OUR VERY WISHES

BY HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD


It was natural that it should be quiet for Mrs. Cairnes in her empty
house. Once there had been such a family of brothers and sisters there!
But one by one they had married, or died, and at any rate had drifted
out of the house, so that she was quite alone with her work, and her
memories, and the echoes in her vacant rooms. She hadn't a great deal of
work; her memories were not pleasant; and the echoes were no pleasanter.
Her house was as comfortable otherwise as one could wish; in the very
centre of the village it was, too, so that no one could go to church, or
to shop, or to call, unless Mrs. Cairnes was aware of the fact, if she
chose; and the only thing that protected the neighbors from this
supervision was Mrs. Cairnes's mortal dread of the sun on her carpet;
for the sun lay in that bay-windowed corner nearly all the day, and even
though she filled the window full of geraniums and vines and
calla-lilies she could not quite shut it out, till she resorted to
sweeping inner curtains.

Mrs. Cairnes did her own work, because, as she said, then she knew it
was done. She had refused the company of various individuals, because,
as she said again, she wouldn't give them house-room. Perhaps it was for
the same reason that she had refused several offers of marriage;
although the only reason that she gave was that one was quite enough,
and she didn't want any boots bringing in mud for her to wipe up. But
the fact was that Captain Cairnes had been a mistake; and his relict
never allowed herself to dwell upon the fact of her loss, but she felt
herself obliged to say with too much feeling that all was for the best;
and she dared not risk the experiment again.

Mrs. Cairnes, however, might have been lonelier if she had been very
much at home; but she was President of the First Charitable, and
Secretary of the Second, and belonged to a reading-club, and a
sewing-circle, and a bible-class, and had every case of illness in town
more or less to oversee, and the circulation of the news to attend to,
and so she was away from home a good deal, and took many teas out. Some
people thought that if she hadn't to feed her cat she never would go
home. But the cat was all she had, she used to say, and nobody knew the
comfort it was to her. Yet, for all this, there were hours and seasons
when, obliged to stay in the house, it was intolerably dreary there, and
she longed for companionship. "Some one with an interest," she said.
"Some one who loves the same things that I do, who cares for me, and for
my pursuits. Some one like Sophia Maybury. Oh! how I should have liked
to spend my last days with Sophia! What keeps Dr. Maybury alive so, I
can't imagine. If he had only--gone to his rest"--said the good woman,
"Sophia and I could join our forces and live together in clover. And how
we should enjoy it! We could talk together, read together, sew together.
No more long, dull evenings and lonely nights listening to the mice. But
a friend, a dear sister, constantly at hand! Sophia was the gentlest
young woman, the prettiest,--oh, how I loved her in those days! She was
a part of my youth. I love her just as much now. I wish she could come
and live here. She might, if there weren't any Dr. Maybury. I can't
stand this solitude. Why did fate make me such a social old body, and
then set me here all alone?"

If Sophia was the prettiest young woman in those days, she was an
exceedingly pretty old woman in these, with her fresh face and her
bright eyes, and if her hair was not all her own, she had companions in
bangs. Dr. Maybury made a darling of her all his lifetime, and when he
died he left her what he had; not much,--the rent of the Webster
House,--but enough.

But there had always been a pea-hen in Mrs. Maybury's lot. It was all
very well to have an adoring husband,--but to have no home! The Doctor
had insisted for years upon living in the tavern, which he owned, and if
there was one thing that his wife detested more than another, it was
life in a tavern. The strange faces, the strange voices, the going and
coming, the dreary halls, the soiled table-cloths, the thick crockery,
the damp napkins, the flies, the tiresome _menu_--every roast tasting of
every other, no gravy to any,--the all out-doors feeling of the whole
business, your affairs in everybody's mouth, the banging doors, the
restless feet, the stamping of horses in the not distant stable, the
pandemonium of it all! She tried to make a little home in the corner of
it; but it was useless. And when one day Dr. Maybury suddenly died,
missing him and mourning him, and half distracted as she was, a thrill
shot across the darkness for half a thought,--now at any rate she could
have a home of her own! But presently she saw the folly of the
thought,--a home without a husband! She staid on at the tavern, and took
no pleasure in life.

But with Dr. Maybury's departure, the thought recurred again and again
to Mrs. Cairnes of her and Sophia's old dream of living together. "We
used to say, when we were girls, that we should keep house together, for
neither of us would ever marry. And it's a great, great pity we did! I
dare say, though, she's been very happy. I know she has, in fact. But
then if she hadn't been so happy with him, she wouldn't be so unhappy
without him. So it evens up. Well, it's half a century gone; but perhaps
she'll remember it. I should like to have her come here. I never could
bear Dr. Maybury, it's true; but then I could avoid the subject with
her. I mean to try. What a sweet, comfortable, peaceful time we should
have of it!"

A sweet, comfortable, peaceful time! Well; you shall see. For Mrs.
Maybury came; of course she came. Her dear, old friend Julia! Oh, if
anything could make up for Dr. Maybury's loss, it would be living with
Julia! What castles they used to build about living together and working
with the heathen around home. And Julia always went to the old East
Church, too; and they had believed just the same things, the same
election, and predestination and damnation and all; at one time they had
thought of going out missionaries together to the Polynesian Island, but
that had been before Julia took Captain Cairnes for better or worse,
principally worse, and before she herself undertook all she could in
converting Dr. Maybury,--a perfect Penelope's web of a work; for Dr.
Maybury died as he had lived, holding her fondest beliefs to be old
wives' fables, but not quarreling with her fidelity to them, any more
than with her finger-rings or her false bangs, her ribbons, and what she
considered her folderols in general. And how kind, she went on in her
thoughts, it was of Julia to want her now! what comfort they would be to
each other! Go,--of course she would!

She took Allida with her; Allida who had been her maid so long that she
was a part of herself; and who, for the sake of still being with her
mistress, agreed to do the cooking at Mrs. Cairnes's and help in the
house-work. The house was warm and light on the night she arrived;
other friends had dropped in to receive her, too; there were flowers on
the table in the cosy red dining-room, delicate slices of ham that had
been stuffed with olives and sweet herbs, a cold queen's pudding rich
with frosting, a mold of coffee jelly in a basin of whipped cream, and
little thin bread-and-butter sandwiches.

"Oh, how delightful, how homelike!" cried Mrs. Maybury. How unlike the
great barn of a dining-room at the Webster House! What delicious bread
and butter! Julia had always been such a famous cook! "Oh, this is home
indeed, Julia!" she cried.

Alas! The queen's pudding appeared in one shape or another till it lost
all resemblance to itself, and that ham after a fortnight became too
familiar for respect.

Mrs. Cairnes, when all was reÃ«stablished and at rights, Sophia in the
best bedroom, Allida in the kitchen, Sophia's board paying Allida's
wages and all extra expense, Sophia's bird singing like a little
fountain of melody in the distance, Mrs. Cairnes then felt that after a
long life of nothingness, fate was smiling on her; here was friendship,
interest, comfort, company, content. No more lonesomeness now. Here was
a motive for coming home; here was somebody to come home to! And she
straightway put the thing to touch, by coming home from her
prayer-meeting, her bible-class, her Ladies' Circle, her First
Charitable, and taking in a whole world of pleasure in Sophia's waiting
presence, her welcoming smile, her voice asking for the news. And if
Sophia were asking for the news, news there must be to give Sophia! And
she went about with fresh eagerness, and dropped in here, there, and
everywhere, and picked up items at every corner to retail to Sophia. She
found it a little difficult to please Sophia about the table. Used to
all the variety of a public-house, Mrs. Maybury did not take very
kindly to the simple fare, did not quite understand why three people
must be a whole week getting through with a roast,--a roast that, served
underdone, served overdone, served cold, served warmed up with herbs,
served in a pie, made five dinners; she didn't quite see why one must
have salt fish on every Saturday, and baked beans on Sunday; she
hankered after the flesh-pots that, when she had them, she had found
tiresome, and than which she had frequently remarked she would rather
have the simplest home-made bread and butter. Apples, too. Mrs.
Cairnes's three apple-trees had been turned to great account in her
larder always; but now,--Mrs. Maybury never touched apple-sauce,
disliked apple-jelly, thought apple-pie unfit for human digestion,
apple-pudding worse; would have nothing with apples in it, except the
very little in mince-pie which she liked as rich as brandy and sherry
and costly spices could make it.

"No profit in this sort of boarder," thought the thrifty Mrs. Cairnes.
But then she didn't have Sophia for profit, only for friendliness and
companionship; and of course there must be some little drawbacks. Sophia
was not at all slow in expressing her likes and dislikes. Well, Mrs.
Cairnes meant she should have no more dislikes to express than need be.
Nevertheless, it made Mrs. Cairnes quite nervous with apprehension
concerning Mrs. Maybury's face on coming to the dinner-table; she left
off having roasts, and had a slice of steak; chops and tomato-sauce; a
young chicken. But even that chicken had to make its reappearance till
it might have been an old hen. "I declare," said Mrs. Cairnes, in the
privacy of her own emotions, "when I lived by myself I had only one
person to please! If Sophia had ever been any sort of a housekeeper
herself--it's easy to see why Dr. Maybury chose to live at a hotel!"
Still the gentle face opposite her at the table, the lively warmth of a
greeting when she opened the door, the delight of some one with whom to
talk things over, the source of life and movement in the house; all this
far outweighed the necessity of having to plan for variety in the little
dinners.

"I really shall starve to death if this thing does on," Mrs. Maybury had
meanwhile said to herself. "It isn't that I care so much for what I have
to eat; but I really can't eat enough here to keep me alive. If I went
out as Julia does, walking and talking all over town, I daresay I could
get up the same sort of appetite for sole-leather. But I haven't the
heart for it. I can't do it. I have to sit at home and haven't any
relish for anything. I really will see if Allida can't start something
different." But Allida could not make bricks without straw; she could
only prepare what Mrs. Cairnes provided, and as Mrs. Cairnes had never
had a servant before, she looked on the whole tribe of them as marauders
and natural enemies, and doled out everything from a locked store-room
at so much a head. "Well," sighed Mrs. Maybury, "perhaps I shall get
used to it." From which it will be seen that Julia's efforts after all
were not particularly successful. But if Mrs. Cairnes had been lonely
before Mrs. Maybury came, Mrs. Maybury was intolerably lonely, having
come; the greater part of the time, Allida being in the kitchen, or out
herself, and no one in the house but the sunshine, the cat, and the
bird; and she detested cats, and had a shudder if one touched her.
However, this was Julia's cat, this great black and white evil spirit,
looking like an imp of darkness; she would be kind to it if it didn't
touch her. But if it touched her--she shivered at the thought--she
couldn't answer for the consequences. Julia was so good in taking her
into her house, and listening to her woes, and trying to make her
comfortable,--only if this monster tried to kill her bird,--Mrs.
Maybury, sitting by herself, wept at the thought. How early it was dark
now, too! She didn't see what kept Julia so,--really she was doing too
much at her age. She hinted that gently to Julia when Mrs. Cairnes did
return. And Mrs. Cairnes could not quite have told what it was that was
so unpleasant in the remark. "My age," she said, laughing. "Why, I am as
young as ever I was, and as full of life. I could start on an exploring
expedition to Africa, to-morrow!" But she began to experience a novel
sense of bondage,--she who had all her life been responsible to no one.
And presently, whenever she went out, she had a dim consciousness in her
mental background of Sophia's eyes following her, of Sophia's thoughts
upon her trail, of Sophia's face peering from the bay-window as she went
from one door to another. She begged some slips, and put a half dozen
new flower-pots on a bracket-shelf in the window, in order to obscure
the casual view, and left the inner curtain drawn.

She came in one day, and there was that inner curtain strung wide open,
and the sun pouring through the plants in a broad radiance. Before she
took off her bonnet she stepped to the window and drew the curtain.

"Oh!" cried Mrs. Maybury, "what made you do that? The sunshine is so
pleasant."

"I can't have the sun streaming in here and taking all the color out of
my carpet, Sophia!" said Julia, with some asperity.

"But the sun is so very healthy," urged Mrs. Maybury.

"Oh, well! I can't be getting a new carpet every day."

"You feel," said Mrs. Maybury, turning away wrath, "as you did when you
were a little girl, and the teacher told you to lay your wet slate in
your lap: 'It'll take the fade out of my gown,' said you. How long ago
is it! Does it seem as if it were you and I?"

"I don't know," said Julia tartly. "I don't bother myself much with
abstractions. I know it is you and I." And she put her things on the
hall-rack, as she was going out again in the afternoon to bible-class.

She had no sooner gone out than Mrs. Maybury went and strung up every
curtain in the house where the sun was shining, and sat down
triumphantly and rocked contentedly for five minutes in the glow, when
her conscience overcame her, and she put them all down again, and went
out into the kitchen for a little comfort from Allida. But Allida had
gone out, too; so she came back to the sitting-room, and longed for the
stir and bustle and frequent faces of the tavern, and welcomed a
book-canvasser presently as if she had been a dear friend.

Perhaps Julia's conscience stirred a little, too; for she came home
earlier than usual, put away her wraps, lighted an extra lamp, and said,
"Now we'll have a long, cosy evening to ourselves."

"We might have a little game of cards," said Sophia, timidly. "I know a
capital double solitaire--"

"Cards!" cried Julia.

"Why--why not?"

"Cards! And I just came from bible-class!"

"What in the world has that got to do with it?"

"Everything!"

"Why, the Doctor and I used--"

"That doesn't make it any better."

"Why, Julia, you can't possibly mean that there's any harm,--that,--that
it's wicked--"

"I think we'd better drop the subject, Sophia," said Julia loftily.

"But I don't want to drop the subject!" exclaimed Mrs. Maybury. "I don't
want you to think that the Doctor would--"

"I can't help what the Doctor did. I think cards are wicked! And that's
enough for me!"

"Well!" cried Mrs. Maybury, then in great dudgeon. "I'm not a member of
the old East Church in good and regular standing for forty years to be
told what's right and what's wrong by any one now!"

"If you're in good and regular standing, then the church is very lax in
its discipline, Sophia; that's all I've got to say."

"But, Julia, things have been very much liberalized of late years. The
minister's own daughter has been to dancing-school." The toss of Julia's
head, and her snort of contempt only said, "So much the worse for the
minister's daughter!"

"Nobody believes in infant damnation now," continued Mrs. Maybury.

"I do."

"O Julia!" cried Mrs. Maybury, for the moment quite faint, "that is
because," she said, as soon as she had rallied, and breaking the
dreadful silence, "you never had any little babies of your own, Julia."
This was adding insult to injury, and still there was silence. "I don't
believe it of you, Julia," she continued, "your kind heart--"

"I don't know what a kind heart has to do with the immutable decrees of
an offended deity!" cried the exasperated Julia. "And this only goes to
show what forty years' association with a free-thinking--"

"You were right in the beginning, Julia; we had better drop the
subject," said Mrs. Maybury; and she gathered up her Afghan wools
gently, and went to her room.

Mrs. Maybury came down, however, when tea was ready, and all was serene
again, especially as Susan Peyster came in to tell the news about Dean
Hampton's defalcation at the village bank, and had a seat at the table.

"But I don't understand what on earth he has done with the money," said
Mrs. Maybury.

"Gambled," said Susan.

"Cards," said Mrs. Cairnes. "You see!"

"Not that sort of gambling!" cried Susan. "But stocks and that."

"It's the same thing," said Mrs. Cairnes.

"And that's the least part of it! They do say"--said Susan, balancing
her teaspoon as if in doubt about speaking.

"They say what?" cried Mrs. Cairnes.

But for our part, as we don't know Mr. Dean Hampton, and, therefore, can
not relish his misdoings with the same zest as if we did, we will not
waste time on what was said. Only when Susan had gone, Mrs. Maybury
rose, too, and said, "I must say, Julia, that I think this dreadful
conversation is infinitely worse and more wicked than any game of cards
could be!"

"What are you talking about?" said Julia, jocosely, and quite
good-humored again.

"And the amount of shocking gossip of this description that I've heard
since I've been in your house is already more than I've heard in the
whole course of my life! Dr. Maybury would never allow a word of gossip
in our rooms." And she went to bed.

"You shall never have another word in mine!" said the thunderstricken
Julia to herself. And if she had heard that the North Pole had tipped
all its ice off into space, she wouldn't have told her a syllable about
it all that week.

But in the course of a fortnight, a particularly choice bit of news
having turned up, and the edge of her resentment having worn away, Mrs.
Cairnes could not keep it to herself. And poor Mrs. Maybury, famishing
now for some object of interest, received it so kindly that things
returned to their former footing. Perhaps not quite to their former
footing, for Julia had now a feeling of restraint about her news, and
didn't tell the most piquant, and winked to her visitors if the details
trenched too much on what had better be unspoken. "Not that it was
really so very--so very--but then Mrs. Maybury, you know," she said
afterward. But she had never been accustomed to this restraint, and she
didn't like it.

In fact Mrs. Cairnes found herself under restraints that were amounting
to a mild bondage. She must be at home for meals, of course; she had
been in the habit of being at home or not as she chose, and often of
taking the bite and sup at other houses, which precluded the necessity
of preparing anything at home. She must have the meals to suit another
and very different palate, which was irksome and troublesome. She must
exercise a carefulness concerning her conversation, and that of her
gossips, too, which destroyed both zest and freedom. She strongly
suspected that in her absence the curtains were up and the sun was
allowed to play havoc with her carpets. She was remonstrated with on her
goings and comings, she who had had the largest liberty for two score
years. And then, when the minister came to see her, she never had the
least good of the call, so much of it was absorbed by Mrs. Maybury. And
Mrs. Maybury's health was delicate, she fussed and complained and
whined; she cared for the things that Mrs. Cairnes didn't care for, and
didn't care for the things that Mrs. Cairnes did care for; Mrs. Cairnes
was conscious of her unspoken surprise at much that she said and did,
and resented the somewhat superior gentleness and refinement of her old
friend as much as the old friend resented her superior strength and
liveliness.

"What has changed Sophia so? It isn't Sophia at all! And I thought so
much of her, and I looked forward to spending my old age with her so
happily!" murmured Julia. "But perhaps it will come right," she reasoned
cheerily. "I may get used to it. I didn't suppose there'd be any rubbing
of corners. But as there is, the sooner they're rubbed off the better,
and we shall settle down into comfort again, at last instead of at
first, as I had hoped in the beginning."

Alas! "I really can't stand these plants of yours, Julia, dear," said
Mrs. Maybury, soon afterward. "I've tried to. I've said nothing. I've
waited, to be very sure. But I never have been able to have plants about
me. They act like poison to me. They always make me sneeze so. And you
see I'm all stuffed up--"

Her plants! Almost as dear to her as children might have been! The chief
ornament of her parlors! And just ready to bloom! This was really asking
too much. "I don't believe it's the plants at all," said Julia. "That's
sheer nonsense. Anybody living on this green and vegetating earth to be
poisoned by plants in a window! I don't suppose they trouble you any
more than your lamp all night does me; but I've never said anything
about that. I can't bear lamplight at night; I want it perfectly dark,
and the light streams out of your room--"

"Why don't you shut the door, then?"

"Because I never shut my door. I want to hear if anything disturbs the
house. Why don't you shut yours?"

"I never do, either. I've always had several rooms, and kept the doors
open between. It isn't healthy to sleep with closed doors."

"Healthy! Healthy! I don't hear anything else from morning till night
when I'm in the house."

"You can't hear very much of it, then."

"I should think, Sophia Maybury, you wanted to live forever!"

"Goodness knows I don't!" cried Mrs. Maybury, bursting into tears. And
that night she shut her bedroom door and opened the window, and sneezed
worse than ever all day afterward, in spite of the fact that Mrs.
Cairnes had put all her cherished plants into the dining-room alcove.

"I can't imagine what has changed Julia so," sighed Mrs. Maybury. "She
used to be so bright and sweet and good-tempered. And now I really don't
know what sort of an answer I'm to have to anything I say. It keeps my
nerves stretched on the _qui vive_ all day. I am so disappointed. I am
sure the Doctor would be very unhappy if he knew how I felt."

But Mrs. Maybury had need to pity herself; Julia didn't pity her. "She's
been made a baby of so long," said Julia, "that now she really can't go
alone." And perhaps she was a little bitterer about it than she would
have been had Captain Cairnes ever made a baby of her in the least, at
any time.

They were sitting together one afternoon, a thunderstorm of unusual
severity having detained Mrs. Cairnes at home, and the conversation had
been more or less acrimonious, as often of late. Just before dusk there
came a great burst of sun, and the whole heavens were suffused with
splendor.

"O Julia! Come here, come quick, and see this sunset!" cried Mrs.
Maybury. But Julia did not come. "Oh! I can't bear to have you lose it,"
urged the philanthropic lover of nature again. "There! It's streaming up
the very zenith. I never saw such color--do come."

"Mercy, Sophia! You're always wanting people to leave what they're about
and see something! My lap's full of worsteds."

"Well," said Sophia. "It's for your own sake. I don't know that it will
do me any good. Only if one enjoys beautiful sights."

"Dear me! Well, there! Is that all? I don't see anything remarkable. The
idea of making one get up to see that!" And as she took her seat, up
jumped the great black and white cat to look out in his turn. Mrs.
Maybury would have been more than human if she had not said "Scat! scat!
scat!" and she did say it, shaking herself in horror.

It was the last straw. Mrs. Cairnes took her cat in her arms and moved
majestically out of the room, put on her rubbers, and went out to tea,
and did not come home till the light up stairs told her that Mrs.
Maybury had gone to her room.

Where was it all going to end? Mrs. Cairnes could not send Sophia away
after all the protestations she had made. Mrs. Maybury could never put
such a slight on Julia as to go away without more overt cause for
displeasure. It seemed as though they would have to fight it out in the
union.

But that night a glare lit the sky which quite outdid the sunset; the
fire-bells and clattering engines called attention to it much more
loudly than Sophia had announced the larger conflagration. And in the
morning it was found that the Webster House was in ashes. All of Mrs.
Maybury's property was in the building. The insurance had run out the
week before, and meaning to attend to it every day she had let it go,
and here she was penniless.

But no one need commiserate with her. Instead of any terror at her
situation a wild joy sprang up within her. Relief and freedom clapped
their wings above her.

It was Mrs. Cairnes who felt that she herself needed pity. A lamp at
nights, oceans of fresh air careering round the house, the everlasting
canary-bird's singing to bear, her plants exiled, her table
revolutionized, her movements watched, her conversation restrained, her
cat abused, the board of two people and the wages of one to come out of
her narrow hoard. But she rose to the emergency. Sophia was penniless.
Sophia was homeless. The things which it was the ashes of bitterness to
allow her as a right, she could well give her as a benefactress. Sophia
was welcome to all she had. She went into the room, meaning to overwhelm
the weeping, helpless Sophia with her benevolence. Sophia was not there.

Mrs. Maybury came in some hours later, a carriage and a job-wagon
presently following her to the door. "You are very good, Julia," said
she, when Julia received her with the rapid sentences of welcome and
assurance that she had been accumulating. "And you mustn't think I'm not
sensible of all your kindness. I am. But my husband gave the institution
advice for nothing for forty years, and I think I have rights there now
without feeling under obligations to any. I've visited the directors,
and I've had a meeting called and attended,--I've had all your energy,
Julia, and have hurried things along in quite your own fashion. And as I
had just one hundred dollars in my purse after I sold my watch this
morning, I've paid it over for the entrance-fee, and I've been admitted
and am going to spend the rest of my days in the Old Ladies' Home. I've
the upper corner front room, and I hope you will come and see me there."

"Sophia!"

"Don't speak! Don't say one word! My mind was made up irrevocably when I
went out. Nothing you, nothing any one, can say, will change it. I'm one
of the old ladies now."

Mrs. Cairnes brought all her plants back into the parlor, pulled down
the shades, drew the inside curtain, had the cat's cushion again in its
familiar corner, and gave Allida warning, within half an hour. She
looked about a little while and luxuriated in her freedom,--no one to
supervise her conversation, her movements, her opinions, her food. Never
mind the empty rooms, or the echoes there! She read an angry psalm or
two, looked over some texts denouncing pharisees and hypocrites, thought
indignantly of the ingratitude there was in the world, felt that any
way, and on the whole, she was where she was before Sophia came, and
went out to spend the evening, and came in at the nine-o'clock
bell-ringing with such a sense of freedom, that she sat up till midnight
to enjoy it.

And Sophia spent the day putting her multitudinous belongings into
place, hanging up her bird-cage, arranging her books and her
bureau-drawers, setting up a stocking, and making the acquaintance of
the old ladies next her. She taught one of them to play double solitaire
that very evening. And then she talked a little while concerning Dr.
Maybury, about whom Julia had never seemed willing to hear a word; and
then she read, "Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and
I will give you rest," and went to bed perfectly happy.

Julia came to see her the next day, and Sophia received her with open
arms. Every one knew that Julia had begged her to stay and live with her
always, and share what she had. Julia goes now to see her every day of
her life, rain or snow, storm or shine; and the whole village says that
the friendship between those two old women is something ideal.
